useClickableProps - hook story (#1112)
mondaycom/monday-ui-react-core: src/hooks/useClickableProps/__stories__/useClickableProps.stories.mdx

import { useCallback, useRef } from "react";
import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs";
import { Link, Tip } from "../../../storybook";
import useClickableProps from "../useClickableProps";
import "./useClickableProps.stories.scss";

<Meta title="Hooks/useClickableProps" />

> # useClickableProps

Reviewer: Also worth to add the following tips in the Clickable component:
Tip
If you'd like to set clickable functionality on a specific element inside your React component instead of using a wrapper, you can also look in our useClickableProps hook.

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Arguments](#arguments)
- [Returns](#returns)
- [Feedback](#feedback)

## Overview

> Return props for adding clickable functionality to the element except for the styles and classNames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return props for making an element or component clickable by mouse and keyboard with screen reader support.
```

The important thing about this hook is that it make element to clickable in accessible way. It's less important to mention that we are not supporting style props because it's not related to the hook's purpose

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Overview">
    {() => {
      const ref = useRef(null);

>       const onClickCallback = useCallback(() => alert("click!"), []);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      const onClick= useCallback(() => alert("click!"), []);
```
callback is redundant

      const clickableProps = useClickableProps(
        {
          onClick: onClickCallback,
          id: "clickable-id",
          ariaHidden: false,
          ariaHasPopup: false,
          ariaExpanded: false
        },
        ref
      );
      return (
        <div {...clickableProps} className="monday-storybook-use-clickable-props">
          I act like a button
        </div>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

> <Tip title="Alternative">

Reviewer: mmm not sure it's the right title in terms of UX. this is my suggestion, worth to also check this with Meirav:
```suggestion
<Tip title="Check out our component solution for this use case">
```

And then the content can be something like: 
"For most simple use cases of clickable elements, you also can use our Clickable component wrapper (Higher order component). "

  Most of the times you might want to use
  <Link size={Link.sizes.SMALL} href="/?path=/docs/accessibility-clickable--overview">
    Clickable component
  </Link>
  to apply the styles as well. Use this hook when you want to customize styles by yourself.
</Tip>

## Arguments

<FunctionArguments>
  <FunctionArgument
    name="onClick"
    type="(event: React.MouseEvent | React.KeyboardEvent) => void"
    description={<>Click callback.</>}
  />
  <FunctionArgument
    name="onMouseDown"
    type="(event: React.MouseEvent) => void"
    description={<>Mouse down callback.</>}
  />
  <FunctionArgument name="disabled" type="boolean" description={<>Whether element is disabled or not</>} />
  <FunctionArgument name="id" type="string" description={<>Id of the element</>} />

>   <FunctionArgument name="dataTestId" type="string" description={<>Id of the element for test purposes</>} />

Reviewer: wdyt? not a muse
```suggestion
  <FunctionArgument name="dataTestId" type="string" description={"Set an element's id for testing purposes"} />
```

  <FunctionArgument
    name="role"
    type="string"
    description={
      <>
        Provide semantic meaning to content.
        <Link size={Link.sizes.SMALL} href={"https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles"}>

>           More details

Reviewer: wdyt?
```suggestion
         Read more about this here.
```

Author: Too verbose I think. Takes too much space

        </Link>
      </>
    }
  />
  <FunctionArgument
    name="tabIndex"
    type="number"
    description={
      <>

>         Specifies the tab order of an element.

Reviewer: There is a way to mention what is the default value? I think it is important. Also worth to add a link here to mdn explanation about what is tab index.
```suggestion
        Specifies the tab order of the element.
```

Reviewer: if there is no way to mention default value in the function argument props, let's add the default value to the description?

        <Link
          size={Link.sizes.SMALL}
          href={"https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex"}
        >

>           More details

Reviewer: same comment

        </Link>
      </>
    }
  />
  <FunctionArgument
    name="ariaLabel"
    type="string"
    description={
      <>

>         Defines a string value that labels an interactive element.

Reviewer: Maybe too long? but I think it will be clearer this way... wdyt? 

Aria label is an attribute used in HTML to provide a human-readable label for interactive elements without visible text. This attribute is important for improving web accessibility, specifically for users who rely on screen readers, as it allows them to understand the purpose and function of the element.

Author: I think it's too long - we are providing links to read about it and I assume that most of our users are aware about `aria-label` purpose

        <Link
          size={Link.sizes.SMALL}
          href={"https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label"}
        >

>           More details

Reviewer: same comment

        </Link>
      </>
    }
  />
  <FunctionArgument
    name="ariaHidden"
    type="boolean"
    description={
      <>

>         Used to hide non-interactive content from the accessibility API.

Reviewer: The description is not accurate enough, maybe: 
```suggestion
        Aria hidden is an HTML attribute for hiding content from screen readers and other assistive technologies.
```

        <Link
          size={Link.sizes.SMALL}
          href={"https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-hidden"}
        >

>           More details

Reviewer: same comment

        </Link>
      </>
    }
  />
  <FunctionArgument
    name="ariaHasPopup"
    type="boolean"
    description={
      <>
        Indicates the availability and type of interactive popup element that can be triggered by the element on which
        the attribute is set.
        <Link
          size={Link.sizes.SMALL}
          href={"https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-haspopup"}
        >
          More details
        </Link>
      </>
    }
  />
  <FunctionArgument
    name="ariaExpanded"
    type="boolean"
    description={
      <>
        Indicate if a control is expanded or collapsed, and whether or not its child elements are displayed or hidden.
        <Link
          size={Link.sizes.SMALL}
          href={"https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-expanded"}
        >
          More details
        </Link>
      </>
    }
  />
</FunctionArguments>

## Returns

<FunctionArguments>
  <FunctionArgument
    name="ref"
    type="(node: HTMLElement) => void"
    description={
      <>

>         A React

Reviewer: React ref object for the clickable element?
